Today 29/01/2020, we start learning a new programming language called Python, we did basic coding like print "Hello world", we did other programs about array and addition of numbers, 
This new way of programming is diffferent of the rest where I think C++ is easier than Python. C++ show us where we are making a mistake, but in Python you must wait until the end
I have some questions about how to define a variable, and how to coding in geral

today 05/02/2020 we keep working wiyh python and we create, with the teacher a program that print the largest prime factor,
besides this everyone had the chance to be a consumer that want a program to organize their products. As a consumer I want a program that organize my business of hats and the person that will create this program is Khalid,
and as a programer I will create the program to organize the shoes business of Irving, I still have some questions about the sysntax of Python but with the exercises I know I will understand better this coding language, 
I have to finish the homework about the site, I have 30% done and I will try to finish them as soon as possible and I might be able to have better understanding of the syntax of phyton.    

today 11/02/2020, we did some computational thinking problam, we did code in python, codes that might help us in the future,

today 12/02/2020, we start with a warm up problem where we should calculate thinks such as distance, velocity and time, we did some interviews about the project of the inventory where each of us is a client and a developer,
this gave us some knowledge about how is a interview and how to take the success criteria of our clients and we should complete the table about record tasks.

today 13/02/2020 today we complete a program giving solution to all the questions,
we create a several group of functions that help us to complete all the problems. Additionally, we went to some research about python and we discuss different ways to code, using different syntax. 

today 17/02/2020, we started the lesson with a small game in kahoot. Where we had to answer some questions about computer systems.
Then we created a code about the work of a bank, specifically, we create basic codes in python that allow us to input data from users, and with a set of inputs the program would show the balance of the customer and the amount charged.
during the process we realize that the program was too long so we create functions, that make the program easier and simple. 
Given a self avaluation to my self i think i am doing good in the classes I am learning and understand in a clear way the syntax of python, and with more pratice I will be able to increase my knowlegde about computer science and programming languages 

today 18/02/2020, we correct the exercises that the teacher had left to us as homework, the main goal of those exercises was to get us used with list.
I think that was a good pratice, even though my programs were not 100% working but I leave the class with more knowledge. then we make a mini kahoot game to test our computer science skills 

Today 24/02/2020, we studied class inside python,  we went through the paper with material about class and we star coding. The aim was to make us confortable with class, element that will be necessary to achieve and coomplete the unit 3 project. Additionally, at the end we made some exercices about lists. 
During the class I could undertand the syntax of class, and if a read the paper that the teacher gave to us about class i will have a good background about it.  

today 26/02/2020, we start one important part of our unit 3 project, using the Qt design. This will help us to create the user interface for our app. Additionally, we were coding some class functions, and get knowledge about how the Qt design works. 
We went through a basic interface and we gain kind of the idea about how our next step is going to be. 
